Ref #15: Add API accessible description key to HF templates (#18)
Imageomics/Collaborative-distributed-science-guide: docs/wiki-guide/HF_ModelCard_Template_Imageomics.md

- animals
datasets: # Adds link if on HF & shows up on sidebar. Ex: imageomics/TreeOfLife-10M
metrics: # key list: https://hf.co/metrics

> model_description: # Add a short description (summary) of your model, this will render in searches and the Imageomics Catalog

Author: ```suggestion
model_description: # Add a short description (summary) of your model, this will render as part of the CardData object through the API, which can thus be used in applications such as the Imageomics Catalog
```
